You had walked for days.
Your rations run low.
It must be here somewhere.
Or perhaps, your intel was wrong?
It would not have been surprising.
You check your device.
#CLEAR
#Cyan
* Locating BSU research lab 006. *
* Facility nearby. *
* Check your area. *
#CLEAR
#White
You think to yourself.
'Check your area, check your area...'
'This thing has been saying that for the past two hours.'
'Nothing, nothing, nothing.'
'Absolutely useless.'
'And whose fault was that?'
'Whose FUCKING fault was that?'
'We could have JUST continued on and searched for a new outpost, but we just HAD to help this new guy.'
'His fault this whole operation is going to shit.'
'I swear to God, I'm going to die here.'
You shout out into the cloudy night sky.
#CLEAR
#Yellow
"DO YOU HEAR ME, JAKOB?"
"IS THIS WHAT YOU WANT?"
"YOU AND YOUR SHITTY PLAN! DO YOU REALLY THINK I'M GOING TO FIND ANYTHING HERE?!"
"TELL ME!"
"ARE YOU FUCKING PROUD NOW?!"
"OOOOH... TAKE THIS DEVICE..."
"TAKE THIS DEVICE, HE SAYS."
"WELL YOU KNOW WHAT? I HAD IT"
"I HAD ENOUGH OF YOUR FUCKING DEVICE!"
#CLEAR
#White
You raise your right arm into the air.
Without a second though, in total rage, you toss it onto a rock.
The shell bursts off.
Miraculously, despite the completely pitiful look of it, the screen still worked.
The same screen that was now decorated with a large crack and a dozen smaller ones.
It was as if this lifeless shell of energy was laughing at your misery.
"Even now, when you think it can't get worse, the world punches you into the face."
"Why do we even continue?"
#CLEAR
You seat yourself on the rock closest to you.
The ever so faint beeping of your battery reminds you of how grave your situation actually was.
You sit here for five minutes.
Or were it ten?
Or perhaps thirty?
The air felt nice.
A bird settled not too far from you.
It was a crow.
It reminds you of how time always passes.
Had the crow known violence?
But as the crow spread out its wings, you realize...
It's just an animal.
Like you.
#CLEAR
Oddly, it made you feel slightly hopeful.
Perhaps it might have also been the solitude.
Or perhaps it was seeing the crow continue its path.
Either way, you decide to stand up.
You raise your shirt and take a look at yourself.
The infection had gotten much worse.
You already knew you were on a suicide mission, but you now realize how dear it is.
Time is of the essence.
And despite knowing your close demise, you decide to continue on.
#CLEAR
...
#CLEAR
And as if a madman told you a joke, it is there.
Around the corner, you see, on top of the cliff, an entrance.
In total disbelief, you stop for a second.
Yet, a cramp painfully reminds you to keep moving.
#CLEAR
...
#CLEAR
You stand before the entrance.
The gate is closed.
Atop the white metal coat is plastered Russian text.
Thankfully, you know Cyrillic.
'Property of Bionet Soviet Union. Entrance prohibited. Keep out.'
It is obvious that the text is far from the thing actually keeping you out.
The door had been welded shut, and chains laid on top.
You settle down your backpack and get out a crowbar.
Surprisingly, the door had weathered enough to make damage possible.
Despite that, you still find it very difficult.
Partly because of exaustion.
Partly because of starvation.
And partly because the door was heavy.
#CLEAR
...
#CLEAR
The door finally budges and gives in.
You pick up your backpack.
Before you is the inside of a wrecked research facility.
You decide to enter.
#CLEAR
Rubble decorates the ground.
Cables run down the wall, or attempt to.
You try to touch one, but the nail keeping it to the concrete wall immediately falls out.
The part of the cable drops with it.
What must have happened here...
You know that companies like these were responsible for what transpired.
What led to the spread.
But to see it with your own eyes...
#CLEAR
Your path leads you to the main hall.
The seemingly arbitrarily placed cables and wires seem to have their origin here.
There is a hum that originates from a server rig.
It does not seem to be connected to anything.
Confused, you turn to the rest of the room.
You check the devices and try to turn on one after one.
Shortly before you are about to leave the facility, one computer reacts to the power button press.
The monitor atop the desk was dead.
You disconnect it and decide to get a new one.
Once connected, it works.
#CLEAR
You see that the only thing open was a console.
You put down your backpack and sit down.
You crack your neck and fingers.
And the console said...
#CLEAR